Adding first section about XLSForm (#648)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/get-started/tutorials/my-first-project.en.md

This page will go through a step by step example of how to prepare a simple QField project containing a points layer, a line layer and a basemap.
It will include the configuration of a simple attribute form and the styling of the feature layer.
As an alternative if you are familiar with ODK forms and want to re-use an existing form, you can also use this one.

> Visit the [XLS Form Converter](../../how-to/advanced-how-tos/xls-forms-plugin.md) on how-to transform your XLS form, directly into a QField-ready Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative if you are familiar with the XLSForm standard  and want to re-use an existing forms, you can also use our [XLSForm Converter](../../how-to/advanced-how-tos/xls-forms-plugin.md) to convert forms into QField-ready projects.
```
